The physical structure for the inventory system
can be a little confusing. So I made this guide.

First of all, you need to make sure that you have
 at least one ComputerCraft Peripheral addon
 installed.  This will enable computers to connect
 to inventories, beyond the "turtle.suck()" method.
 I'm using Plethora Peripherals and
 Peripherals Plus One. Plethora is the recommended.
Secondly, you need a way to connect modems to
 chests. I'm using a combination of CC:Tweaked's
 full-block modems, which can connect to partial
 blocks like vanilla chests, and Extra Utilities'
 "Slightly Larger Chest", which is a full block and
 can take a modem. However, any combination you
 find is good. Fair warning, crates (the ones that
 randomize the inventory each time) will likely
 break the system.
If you're using the Kauth Server modpack, then this
 mod combination will be taken care of for you.

My inventory system is in layers, and looks a bit
 like this, (from the top-down)
  C = vanilla chest        CC CC CC CC CC
  L = xu2 chest            LMLLMLLMLLMLLML
  M = full-block modem     CC CC CC CC CC
 This is scalable in all three directions (with
 walking space in between sets of these). The
 cables run along the top, above the large chests
 and I place half slabs above the top layer of
 normal chests.  Chests that are not accessible
 by hand are not accessible by the system.

The general rule you want to follow is one modem
 per chest, as many chests per modem and chests per
 space as you can get. And vanilla can't be next to
 each other. If you have multiple modems per chest
 the numbers will be off because it will count the
 stock twice. And it will try to pull stock that
 doesn't exist, and it will error when you try to
 push stock in.

Also! You want to make sure that the store room is
 sufficiently private and hard to reach, so that
 people don't accidentally find it and move stuff.
 If stuff is moved in the inventory, bugs will
 occur until you Recount the entire inventory,
 which takes several minutes. For the sake of not
 being super slow, this inventory system cannot
 check the veracity of the information until you
 push or pull items to a slot that is mislabeled.

The entire system should be connected by one
 network. If the cabling is split, then some chests
 will be hidden from the retrieval chest.

The retrieval chest should be placed next to the
 computer. But this is only for simplicity, as I
 have yet to figure out how to make the retrieval
 chest auto-select. It must be connected by modem
 to the network, like the rest. This will, however,
 make it easier to switch between the inventory
 interface and picking up the items from the chest.
